Initial WAF support for NGINXaaS for Google (#1939)
nginx/documentation: content/includes/nginxaas-google/logging-config-security-logs.md

---
f5-product: NGOOGL
f5-files:
- content/nginxaas-google/monitoring/enable-nginx-logs.md
---

> You can enable security logs by adding **app_protect_security_log** directives to your NGINX configuration to specify the location of the logs and formats. The log path should always be configured to be inside **/var/log/app_protect**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable security logs by adding **app_protect_security_log** directives to your NGINX configuration to specify the location of the logs and logging formats. The log path should always be configured under **/var/log/app_protect**.
```

might sound better. it's a nit so feel free to resolve it.

```nginx
app_protect_security_log_enable on;
app_protect_security_log log_default /var/log/app_protect/security.log;
```

> NGINXaaS does not support custom logging profiles and is limited to the [default logging profiles](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/logging/logs-overview/#default-logging-profile-bundles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NGINXaaS does not support custom logging profiles and is limited to the [default logging profiles]({{< ref "/waf/logging/logs-overview.md#default-logging-profile-bundles" >}}).
```

> {{< call-out "warning" >}}Keep F5 WAF for NGINX logs in the **/var/log/app_protect** directory. Otherwise, you may lose data from your logs.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
{{< call-out "warning" >}}WAF logs should always be stored under the **/var/log/app_protect** directory. You may lose logging data if you choose any other log paths.
```
